Python  is purely an object oriented programming laguage.
 Almost every thing in python is an object, with its own properties and methods.

 A class is like an object constructor or a blueprint for creating an object.
 
 Constructor:
    Each and every classs have a default constructor.
    Have a function with exactly the same name of your class name.
    This function automatically invoked during the time of object creation.


                                    Sample

                            View()          a, b

                
                instance : Sample() : o1,o2,o3

                Three temporary memory will be created in your heap memory.

Synatx:
    class clas_name:
        member function, member variables

    
    Condition:
        You should use the class keyword.
        Dont use any keywords as a class name.
        Dont leave any space between the class name.
        No special characters.
        Always use the underscore between the words and make the first letter as the capital letter.

        A Function inside a class should always carry a parameter called self as first parameter for all the functins.

    Rules:
        We cant assign a calss variable directly inside the class.
        Initialize the class variables inside the constructor.

        __init__() : Magical function > Initialize your cclass variable at the time of object creation itself.
            only initialize the class variable.


OOPS's Concepts:
    Inheritance
    Polymorphism
    Encapsulation

    Exception Handling.
    File Handling.

    Python GUI : Tkinter

    Inheritance:
        Inheritance allows us to define a class that inherites all the methods and the properties from another class.
        Parent class: Is the class being inherited from, also called as a base class.
        Child Class : Is the class that inherits all the properties and methods from another class, also called as derived class.

        pass : Its is a keyword. T create an empty class without any member variables and functions.